Add note about HTTP to HTTPS redirection on server (#11009)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/strict-transport-security/index.md

---
{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`Strict-Transport-Security`** response header (often abbreviated as {{Glossary("HSTS")}}) informs browsers that the site should only be accessed using HTTPS, and that any future attempts to access it using HTTP should automatically be converted to HTTPS.

> > **Note:** This is not the same as configuring a HTTP to HTTPS (301) redirect on your server.
> > The url redirection and strict transport security have different implications.

Reviewer: This kind of thing makes me wonder about what those implications are. Just a suggestion ...

```suggestion
> **Note:** This is more secure than simply configuring a HTTP to HTTPS (301) redirect on your server, where the initial HTTP connection may be subject to a man-in-the-middle attack.
```

Author: sure, this makes sense
